[theme song starts]
[computer blipping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[computer beeping]
SAINT VALENTINE'S DAY
[footsteps]
[tense music]
[rattling]
No, stop! Let me go!
-[computer beeps]
-[Aelita gasps]
[screams]
[beeping]
[knocking on door]
[groans]
[door creaks]
-[Aelita] What could…
-[mysterious music]
[rustling]
[tick tock]
-[door creaks]
-[Jim] Hey, you!
What are you doing here?
[Jim] No one's allowed in the dormitory
without my authorization.
How did you get in here?
[groans]
[buzzing]
Well…
[swoosh]
Hey!
[grunts]
[electricity crackling]
[groans]
[sizzling]
[gasps]
Plain, but not bad.
But I wonder who gave it to me…
-[Aelita] and why.
-Why?
I might have an idea…
You know what day it is today?
[groaning]
Tuesday!
Yes, but not just any Tuesday!
It's Saint Valentine's Day!
The day all lovers celebrate.
Lovers?
Yes, and I can guess exactly which boy
might want to give you a present,
can't you?
[sighs]
[theme music]
[Odd] Hey, there's Aelita!
[panting]
Thanks, Jeremy!
[Ulrich] You know, the first time
I see someone in the morning,
I tend to say "Good Morning."
But then again, maybe I'm a little
old-fashioned.
For the necklace.
Thank you.
The… necklace?
Your Valentine's Day present. It's lovely.
[hesitates]
Well, you're welcome.
It's only natural.
Well…
See you in History class!
See you, Aelita.
[Ulrich groans]
-You didn't give it to her, did you?
-Was it that obvious?
Yeah, but luckily for you,
love has made Aelita blind!
Come on, Ulrich!
[smirks]
Most historians believe Valentine's Day
is associated with the Roman…
Hey Ulrich, it wouldn't be you who gave
her that necklace, by any chance?
You out of your mind, or something?
I didn't even know it was Valentine's Day.
[Gilles continues talking]
An important day in ancient Rome…
-[Ulrich] Jeremy,
-[starts]
What rhymes with tulip?
I don't know!
[Jeremy] Microchip? Paperclip? Hypocrite?
Okay, never mind.
-What're you writing?
-[Ulrich] Nothing.
-A poem?
-[Ulrich] No.
-[Jeremy] Is it for Yumi?
-No.
[Ulrich] It's… biology homework.
Biology homework that rhymes?
That's interesting.
[Jeremy] Odd… The necklace.
It wasn't you, was it?
Do I have to remind you that Aelita
is supposed to be my cousin?
Except that we both know
she isn't your cousin.
Yeah, what if it was me? Aelita isn't
your property, as far as I know.
[gasps]
You see, you admit it!
I didn't admit anything.
-You just said it was you!
-Hey, have you gone bananas?
Your eyesight's not great,
but your hearing's worse.
-I…
-[Gilles clears throat]
If you have more important subjects
to discuss than today's lesson,
I suggest you do so in
the principal's office.
[Jeremy groans]
In your case, Odd,
this comes as no surprise.
[Mr. Delmas] But you, Jeremy…
A model student in all areas,
I simply don't understand.
Well…
Two hours of detention should help you
to find some more convincing arguments.
And you're lucky it's Valentine's Day,
or I'd have given you at least four.
[door closes]
[heavy footsteps]
[groans]
[Jeremy] I'm still waiting for an answer.
[Odd] Why don't we call a truce, okay?
Was it you who gave her the necklace?
-Yes or no?
-Okay, then. No truce.
[huffs]
[theme music]
[Ulrich] Come on, Einstein! It's stupid
to fight over such a little thing.
He's right. Odd has every right to give
Aelita a present if he wants to.
[Sissi] Ulrich?
Could I talk to you for a second?
[Ulrich] Well,
only if it's really important.
[Ulrich] For me?
-Is this for Valentine's Day?
-[titters]
No, it's for Christmas…
Of course it's for Valentine's Day,
what do you think?
-Come on, open it, stupid!
-[Ulrich gasps]
-A ticket to the Subsonics concert!
-Isn't that your favorite group?
-[Ulrich] Well, yeah.
-I must be dreaming!
[William] Yumi!
I've got something for you.
Thank you, William.
[sighs]
I must be dreaming!
Sissi…
-I wrote you a little poem!
-[Yumi groans]
"To tell you how much I flip,
if not with a tulip,
how I'm a victim of your charms,
and long to hold you in my arms,
With you I never feel gloomy,
my little… Sissi!"
[gasps] Ulrich… It rhymes!
It's so beautiful!
William, your bouquet is beautiful.
-How did you know that I liked roses?
-I didn't.
But I figured
you were like all the other girls…
[gulps]
How romantic, William!
[guffaws]
Just a bit awkward… Thank you, William!
You couldn't have made me happier!
[grunts]
[swoosh]
[water running]
[water splashing]
[gasps]
[grunting]
[Jeremy] Look, it's ridiculous
to fight over such a little thing.
William had every right
to give Yumi a present,
and so did Sissi with Ulrich, right?
Hey, I don't think
you're the one to talk right now, okay!
By the way, does anyone
know where Aelita is?
[menacing music]
[unintelligible chatter]
Settle down and take your seats!
Please open your text books to page 27.
[Mrs. Meyer] The anatomical structure
of muscles.
Where were you?
I looked for you everywhere.
I was…
[groans]
[blinking]
Do you think we could
go to Sector Five after class?
I know where find the data
for making the antivirus.
The one that will free you from XANA?
[Jeremy] You mean to say it just came
to you, just like that?
Let's just say that your necklace
inspired me.
The problem is that given
everybody's bad mood today,
I doubt that Odd or Ulrich,
or Yumi are going to want to go with you!
I can go by myself.
No, it's too dangerous.
Don't forget XANA's ready to go to
any extreme to steal your memory, Aelita.
Please, Jeremy. I'm positive
I'm on the right track.
And with an Overboard, I'm sure
I can get away from the monsters,
even the latest ones, like the Scyphozoa.
[Aelita] Please…
[grins]
[Jeremy starts]
[grunting]
[crash]
Why, Jeremy!
[students laughing]
That's two more hours.
Four hours of detention. I'm going to have
to suspend you if you do anything else.
Jim seeing Spiderman stuck to the ceiling,
my best pupil is acting like a clown,
Valentine's Day is making everyone crazy!
[heavy footsteps]
Yumi says she'll go with me to Lyoko!
[nods]
After everything that's happened today,
it'll be nice to get
something accomplished.
[menacing music]
[metal grating]
[sinister music]
[grunts]
[swoosh]
[panting]
[mechanical door clanking]
[whoosh]
[zooming]
[necklace blinking]
Ready, ladies?
I'm starting up the process.
[Jeremy] Transfer, Yumi
[swoosh]
Transfer, Aelita!
[swooshing]
Scanner, Yumi!
Scanner, Aelita!
Virtualization!
-Hey! That's weird.
-[beeping]
[groans]
[swooshing]
[swoosh]
[buzzing]
[grunts]
Vehicles for the ladies coming right up.
[beeping]
Materialization!
[Jeremy] You need go due east
to get to the edge of the sector.
[Aelita] No way. I'm heading north.
-[tense music]
-[groans]
But, I don't understand.
You're supposed to go to Sector Five.
Sorry, Yumi.
-[whoosh]
-[Yumi grunts]
-[grunts]
-[crash]
[zoom]
-[beeping]
-[Jeremy] Yumi?
Aelita, what's going on?
[Jeremy] Yumi, can you hear me?
Are you okay?
[groans]
I'd be lying if I said I was.
What's gotten into her?
[Jeremy] I don't know. She's lost it!
You've absolutely got to stop her.
She's headed due north!
Okay, I'll try,
but I'm going to need some back up.
-I'm on it!
-[keys clicking]
[Odd] Jeremy, we're supposed to be doing
two hours of detention now!
Speak slower, I can't understand a word.
[groans]
An attack by XANA?
Is that all you can think of as
an excuse for us to make up?
Odd, listen to me! It's an emergency!
[Jeremy] Just come over here now!
[gasps]
No cell phones in detention.
-[Jim] Where is Jeremy Belpois?
-[Jeremy] Odd!
Odd, can you hear me?
[theme music]
Relax, Ulrich.
[rattles]
Surprise!
The latest Subsonics CD, look!
Not bad for getting in the mood
before going to the concert.
[groans]
Sissi…
-[CD starts playing]
-Listen…
You're right…
Let's not talk.
Let's listen.
[phone rings]
Hello.
Yeah, Jeremy… Okay.
I'll be right there.
-I'll take care of it.
-Hey! Where are you going?
Jeremy just reminded me
of a really important thing I have to do.
-What?
-Well… Leave.
[moans]
-[door slams]
-[huffs]
[buzzing]
Okay, Jeremy, I see her.
Yumi, do you know how
Aelita got her necklace?
[Yumi] I think she found it
on her doorstep.
Do you think XANA could have put it there?
I'm launching a superscan.
We'll know in a minute.
[scanning]
[groans]
In my opinion, it's that dumb necklace
that gives XANA control over Aelita.
He wants to lead her straight to
the Scyphozoa.
-[beeping]
-That's exactly what I was afraid of…
Looks like XANA's activated the tower!
Don't panic, Jeremy!
I've just about caught up to her.
[groans]
And I was about to say this was too easy!
[laser blasting]
[screams]
[grunts]
-[lasers blasting]
-[grunting]
[fan swooshes]
I don't want to sound pessimistic,
but if Ulrich and Odd could hurry up…
[Ulrich] You see, Aelita's got 104 fever,
so naturally she wants to see her cousin!
-He's her only family here.
-A minute ago, it was 103!
Right. Her temperature keeps going up
by the minute.
-What do you take me for, an idiot?
-Well…
No, Jim.
-[groans]
-[phone rings]
[Ulrich] Excuse-me.
Yeah… Well, no.
Jim doesn't believe me…
About Aelita's fever!
Okay… Put him on, Ulrich.
[phone beeps]
[scanning]
Here you are, Jim. It's for you.
Yes… Of course… I understand,
Mr. Delmas
[groans]
[Jeremy using Mr. Delmas's voice]
Do you hear me, Jim?
Let Della Robbia see his cousin!
Very well, whatever you say, sir.
Say, when you have time, could I speak
to you about a personal matter?
[Jim] It's about Suzanne Hertz.
Well… I…
A tunnel! We're about to get cut off!
-[beeps]
-[groans]
How did you manage that
with the principal?
I wrote a new program.
Stern! Della Robbia!
[Jeremy using Jim's voice]
Hurry up! Things are getting hot here!
[groans]
[theme music]
-[lasers blasting]
-[grunts]
[panting]
[mechanical footsteps]
-[grunts]
-[lasers firing]
[grunts]
[swoosh]
That's one down.
That's one fan down as well.
[lasers blasting]
[whirring]
[grunts]
Jeremy, tell me you've reprogrammed
the new vehicle!
[Jeremy] Don't worry!
Give me ten seconds!
[cheering]
Nice going, Yumi!
Do you still have a visual on Aelita?
[Jeremy] She took off for Sector One,
the Ice Sector. Use a way tower.
[Yumi] On the Overboard?
Are you absolutely sure about that?
Well, yes. There's no reason you couldn't.
If you're wrong, I swear I'll…
[screams]
[swoosh]
[Jeremy] You swear you'll what?
[groans]
Nothing.
[mechanical grating]
[Odd] Can't do without me, huh?
You won't get mad if I save Aelita?
[Ulrich] Odd!
No, let him, Ulrich. He's right.
I was being stupid.
I don't blame you, Jeremy. I understand.
[Odd] I'm a pretty charming guy,
it's only natural you'd be jealous of me!
-[giggles]
-[scoffs]
[action music]
-[scanning]
-[Jeremy] Transfer, Ulrich!
-[whoosh]
-Transfer, Odd!
-[swoosh]
-Scanner, Ulrich!
Scanner, Odd!
[scanning]
Virtualization!
[swoosh]
-[crash]
-[grunts]
Aelita, you must stop obeying XANA.
Leave me alone!
[crackling]
-[whoosh]
-No!
Jeremy, could you just remind me what'll
happen if I fall into the digital sea?
[Jeremy] If I were you, I'd avoid it.
Well, then, if you could help me
out of here, I'd appreciate it.
I'm bringing you back…
But it's going to take
a couple of minutes.
[Yumi] I was afraid
you were going to say that!
[groaning]
[screams]
-Happy to see me?
-I sure am!
Move it, Jeremy.
I can't hold her for long.
[Jeremy] I'm doing all I can.
[tapping]
Say, Yumi, what did you think of
my poem for Sissi?
Ulrich, this is really not the time!
Because, in fact,
I actually wrote it for you.
[groans]
I can't hold on!
[screams]
Yumi!
[screaming]
[scanning]
Remind me to boost that program.
[beeping]
Ulrich! Odd's about to need your help.
-Aelita! It's me… Odd.
-[swoosh]
Aelita!
[screaming]
No!
[swoosh]
Aelita!
-Ulrich, hurry up!
-[Ulrich] I'm almost there.
[groans]
[swoosh]
-You okay, Odd?
-Brilliant, as usual!
[swishing]
[grunting]
That bad, huh?
Laser arrow.
Aelita! Stop!
-[swooshing]
-[cracking]
[grunts]
Hey, that's cheating!
[slashing]
Jeremy! We're never going to make it.
-You've got to think of something.
-I do have one idea.
But it's awfully risky!
[Jeremy] Odd, aim for Aelita!
[groans]
Are you crazy?
Hey! Don't forget that if Aelita loses all
her life points, she'll disappear forever.
XANA wants her memory.
He won't risk losing that.
Deep down,
he wants her alive as much as we do!
Are you sure?
No… But I can't think of anything else.
[Odd] Okay, here I go!
[grunts]
[scanning]
-[Jeremy] Only thirty life points left!
-You want me to stop?
No! I just hope I'm right!
-[blasting]
-[grunting]
XANA's given up.
Yes!
[Odd grunts]
The Scyphozoa is at it again.
It was too good to be true.
[blasting]
[Jeremy]
Only ten life points left!
[Odd] It's okay!
[groans]
[wind howling]
What's going on?
Why are you aiming at me?
[groans and sighs]
[beeping]
[laughs nervously]
[swoosh]
[ethereal music]
[beep]
[computer beeping]
Tower deactivated.
[theme music]
[necklace blinking]
I'm going to study this. You never know…
I might be able to get some interesting
information about XANA!
Anyway, Aelita, from now on,
you don't take any presents from anyone.
Promise! You know, Jeremy saved my life!
[Aelita] And that's the nicest Valentine's
present anyone could hope for.
Yeah, but that won't save him
from being suspended
for missing four hours of detention!
The principal's not going
to be too happy about that!
But, I'm sure there's a solution!
-[Odd titters]
-Hey! What are you looking at me for?
[Ulrich] I'm really happy to be going
to the concert with you,
but you won't forget
to talk to your father beforehand?
[Sissi] Don't worry,
I'll get Jeremy out of this.
Now, that's a real friend,
ready to sacrifice himself for his pal!
[Jeremy] Are you sure
he's sacrificing himself
as much as all that?
-He doesn't seem to be bothered by it.
-Maybe not…
But it was for me that he wrote the poem.
Poor Sissi!
[theme music]